Update advertised meeting schedule (#292)
solid/data-interoperability-panel: README.md

## Meetings

> Panel meetings are held every other Monday at 3:00PM UTC (10:00AM Eastern / 4:00PM Central European). This bi-weekly schedule started on October 24th 2022; the latest meeting date can be found in the [minutes](https://github.com/solid/data-interoperability-panel/blob/master/meetings/). Every meeting will be announced on [gitter](https://gitter.im/solid/data-interoperability-panel), together with its agenda.

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense to me to say the "bi-weekly schedule started on October 24, 2022" when the (currently) latest meeting minutes are for 2022-11-21, and the next previous are for 2022-03-08.

* If meetings were held on the missing dates, there should be tiny files added that provide or link to whatever notes and/or recordings might still be available.

* If meetings were not held on the missing dates, I suggest saying that the bi-weekly schedule started on 2022-11-21.

> Panel meetings are held every other Monday at 3:00PM UTC (10:00AM Eastern / 4:00PM Central European). This bi-weekly schedule started on October 24th 2022; the latest meeting date can be found in the [minutes](https://github.com/solid/data-interoperability-panel/blob/master/meetings/). Every meeting will be announced on [gitter](https://gitter.im/solid/data-interoperability-panel), together with its agenda.

Author: ```suggestion
Panel meetings are held every other Monday at 3:00PM UTC (10:00AM Eastern / 4:00PM Central European). This bi-weekly schedule started on November 21st 2022; the latest meeting date can be found in the [minutes](https://github.com/solid/data-interoperability-panel/blob/master/meetings/). Every meeting will be announced on [gitter](https://gitter.im/solid/data-interoperability-panel), together with its agenda.
```
